What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
--> A new repository is created the subdirectories and files located in the particular
directory where the repository is initialized. We need to do this so as to create a 
repository. 



How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?

What value do you think it offers?
--> Staging area sits between a commit and working directory. This is where all the files 
needed for the commit are placed before commiting. It provides an area between the 
working directory and repository for us to see which files are going to be in the 
repository from the working directory.



How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
--> Staging area shows the files that are added from working directory to go into
repository. We can see the contents of staging area and find out the changes that 
depict single logic and make commit accordingly.




What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? 
How would branches help?


--> Creating a new language version. Adding an experimental feature. 
We can go and checkout whichever branch we want to and make changes to it without 
affecting the original version.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
--> Diagrams give pictorial representation of all the commits in branches making it 
easier for us to see which commits are in particular branches.



What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in

the diagram the way we do?
--> Merging two branches creates one single probably master branch with commits
from both parent branches. We represent it in such a way because commits from
both parents are visible from the merged branch.



What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

--> Pros: In automatic merging, programmers need not to do a lot of work.
Cons: However, when merging is done manually, changes in specific line of code can be
checked and correct line can be used instead of all the changed lines.