When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
--> When we are working on projects which have more collaborators, we can use a remote 
repository as many people can create and change contents in the repository in this fashion.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
--> Many contributors can work on a project at any given time. It will be a lot of 
pull calls if Git does pull automatically. So, we can pull changes when we want to 
work on it whenever we want to.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. 
When would you use one instead of another?
--> Forks are GitHub's name for clones which are created in the GitHub servers itself
by the users.
Clones can be either a repository saved to local machine from cloud or those that
are shared between local machines.
Branches are the different logical changes that are commited.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
--> When we store the last known store of the remote locally, we can access it
from anywhere even if we have no internet connection. We can work with it and then push
new changes later.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? 
What would be easier, and what would be harder?
--> I would ask my team members to create repository in GitHub and Git and work on 
projects in these services. I think creating local repositories would be easier.
Pushing and pulling into and from Github might be harder if we are dealing with
big projects as there could be multiple commits and changes that are out of sync.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? 
What benefits does each approach have?
--> We do this when we want to add a feature or change the project and want other
people's comment on the change before merging the change into the master branch in
GitHub. This way, the master does not have unwanted changes.